docs/en/Configuration.md, before:

#Configuration

##Initial YML Configuration
The first step is to configure the Elastic Search service. To do this, the configuration system
is used. The simplest default configuration (i.e. for `mysite/_config/elastica.yml`) is:

```yml
	Injector:
	  SilverStripe\Elastica\ElasticaService:
		constructor:
		  - %$Elastica\Client
		  - index-name-to-use
```

You can then use the `SilverStripe\Elastica\Searchable` extension to add search functionality
to either the SiteTree (so that pages show in a search) and also DataObjects that you wish to be
searchable.

The following configuration allows all pages within the CMS to be searchable, edit e.g. `mysite/_config/elastica.yml`:
```yml
	SiteTree:
	  extensions:
		- 'SilverStripe\Elastica\Searchable'
```
Elasticsearch can then be interacted with by using the `SilverStripe\Elastica\ElasticService` class.  DataObjects can be
added using the extension mechanism also.

##PHP Level Configuration
###Searchable Fields
Adding fields of an object class to an index can be done in one of two ways, updating the static variable
_$searchable_fields_ of an object.

###Searchable Relationships


Note that after every change to your data model you should execute the `SilverStripe-Elastica-ReindexTask`, see below.

###Purely PHP
```php
	class YourPage extends Page
	{
		private static $db = array(
			"YourField1" => "Varchar(255)",
			"YourField2"  => "Varchar(255)"
		);
		private static $searchable_fields = array(
			"YourField1",
			"YourField2"
		);
	}
```
###PHP and YML
Static variables in SilverStripe classes can be configured from configuration classes.  This is the preferred way to
configurable indexable fields on a class, as it means third party module classes can have fields added to Elastic
without altering any module code.
```php
	class YourPage extends Page
	{
		private static $db = array(
			"YourField1" => "Varchar(255)",
			"YourField2"  => "Varchar(255)"
		);
	}
```

Add the following to a suitable YML file in your configuration.
```yml
YourPage:
  searchable_fields:
	- YourField1
	- YourField2
```

Commit message:

ENHANCEMENT: Addition of searchable relationships info

docs/en/Configuration.md, after:

#Configuration

##Initial YML Configuration
The first step is to configure the Elastic Search service. To do this, the configuration system
is used. The simplest default configuration (i.e. for `mysite/_config/elastica.yml`) is:

```yml
	Injector:
	  SilverStripe\Elastica\ElasticaService:
		constructor:
		  - %$Elastica\Client
		  - index-name-to-use
```

You can then use the `SilverStripe\Elastica\Searchable` extension to add search functionality
to either the SiteTree (so that pages show in a search) and also DataObjects that you wish to be
searchable.

The following configuration allows all pages within the CMS to be searchable, edit e.g. `mysite/_config/elastica.yml`:
```yml
	SiteTree:
	  extensions:
		- 'SilverStripe\Elastica\Searchable'
```
Elasticsearch can then be interacted with by using the `SilverStripe\Elastica\ElasticService` class.  DataObjects can be
added using the extension mechanism also.

##PHP Level Configuration
###Searchable Fields
Adding fields of an object class to an index can be done in one of two ways, updating the static variable
_$searchable_fields_ of an object.

###Searchable Relationships
Similar to the above, relationships of types has_one, one_to_many, and many_to_many can have their searchable fields
stored as a flat array in the document being indexed.  These are indicated using a static variable
_$searchable_relationships_, with optionally a pair of brackets '()' appended to the method name, just to make
clearer in the configuration that a method is being used.  Note that relationships are only followed one level deep,
this is to avoid a situation where infinite recursion occurs, and so as also not to bloat document size too much.

After every change to your data model you should execute the `SilverStripe-Elastica-ReindexTask`, see below.

###Purely PHP
```php
	class YourPage extends Page
	{
		private static $db = array(
			"YourField1" => "Varchar(255)",
			"YourField2"  => "Varchar(255)"
		);
		private static $searchable_fields = array(
			"YourField1",
			"YourField2"
		);
	}
```
###PHP and YML
Static variables in SilverStripe classes can be configured from configuration classes.  This is the preferred way to
configurable indexable fields on a class, as it means third party module classes can have fields added to Elastic
without altering any module code.
```php
	class YourPage extends Page
	{
		private static $db = array(
			"YourField1" => "Varchar(255)",
			"YourField2"  => "Varchar(255)"
		);
	}
```

Add the following to a suitable YML file in your configuration.
```yml
YourPage:
  searchable_fields:
	- YourField1
	- YourField2
```
