docs/en/SearchPages.md, before:

#Search Pages
##Introduction
It is now possible to have multiple search pages on your site, each with their own separate
restrictions as to classes searched.  Asides the traditional 'search all of the SiteTree' this
module provides more flexibility.  An administrator can do the following:
* Create a search page that searches just blog posts
* Create a search page that searches your Flickr photos, represented as DataObjects
* Fields within the search can be weighted, e.g. make the Title twice as important as the Content
* Vary the number of search results from the default of 10
* Add classes to manipulate the search and results, creating the possibility of facted searches
* Override the template of search results, necessary when dealing with results not having a Title
or Link.
Note that the above changes are instant, there is no need to reindex the data, it is the query that
is altered.

##Adding a Search Page to Your Site
Using the standard mechanism for adding a page in the CMS, add a page of type _ElasticSearchPage_
at an appropriate location for the search intended, e.g. /search, /blog/search, /photos/search.

##Configuring a Search Page
###Search Site Tree Only
Select the 'Site Tree Only' checkbox, and then save the page.  This will simulate the standard
SilverStripe search, namely all pages in the SiteTree, but using a dedicated searching tool.
SCREENSHOT
![Search the SiteTree Only]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gordonbanderson/silverstripe-elastica/screenshots/screenshots/elastica001-site-tree-only.png
"Search the SiteTree Only")


###Selected List of ClassNames
It is possible to restrict the classes that are searched, useful for example if searching a
particular subset of your site likes of a blog.  In the example below only pages of type BlogPost
are returned from the search.
SCREENSHOT
###Number of Results
The default number of results is 10, this can be changed to any number as required.  In the
screenshot below, the number of results has been changed to 20
SCREENSHOT
###Field Weighting
After saving an Elastic Search Page, the fields available will be shown at the bottom of the search
tab.  The fields available from the list of selected classes will be shown and are editable.
SCREENSHOT
* Adjust the weight of that field, making it more or less important
* Optionally remove the field from the search altogether
SCREENSHOT
Note that if a field is missing it will be ignored, the search does not crash.  An example of this
would be a BlogPost having BlogTags associated with it, whereas of course a standard Page does
not have this field.  Page and BlogPost however have Title and Content fields in common.


##Highlights
###Command Line
You can test if highlighting is working against your index as follows.  Change YOUR_INDEX_NAME and
YOUR_QUERY_TERM as appropriate.
```bash
curl -XGET 'http://localhost:9200/YOUR_INDEX_NAME/_search?pretty' -d '
{
    "query": {
        "query_string": {
            "query": "YOUR_QUERY_TERM"
        }
    },
    "highlight" : {
        "fields" : {
            "*" : {}
        }
    }
}
'
```
If highlighting is working, i.e. the fields are stored appropriately, output will contain sections
like this (the search term was 'canal':

```
highlight" : {
    "Content" : [ " alongside a <em>canal</em>, offer safe passage for cyclists. The landscape varies between shacks and solid", " the pattern of houses similar to those densely located by the <em>canal</em> in the map above.\nAs can be seen", " of <em>canal</em> trail or indeed entrances to slums. Often a section is named and has a reasonably grand" ]
  }
```
##Boosting Fields
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/guide/current/query-time-boosting.html - need to repeat all fields. Maybe try with a '*'?

Commit message:

WIP: Added screenshots to the elastic search page doc

docs/en/SearchPages.md, after:

#Search Pages
##Introduction
It is now possible to have multiple search pages on your site, each with their own separate
restrictions as to classes searched.  Asides the traditional 'search all of the SiteTree' this
module provides more flexibility.  An administrator can do the following:
* Create a search page that searches just blog posts
* Create a search page that searches your Flickr photos, represented as DataObjects
* Fields within the search can be weighted, e.g. make the Title twice as important as the Content
* Vary the number of search results from the default of 10
* Add classes to manipulate the search and results, creating the possibility of facted searches
* Override the template of search results, necessary when dealing with results not having a Title
or Link.
Note that the above changes are instant, there is no need to reindex the data, it is the query that
is altered.

##Adding a Search Page to Your Site
Using the standard mechanism for adding a page in the CMS, add a page of type _ElasticSearchPage_
at an appropriate location for the search intended, e.g. /search, /blog/search, /photos/search.

##Configuring a Search Page
###Search Site Tree Only
Select the 'Site Tree Only' checkbox, and then save the page.  This will simulate the standard
SilverStripe search, namely all pages in the SiteTree, but using a dedicated searching tool.
![Search the SiteTree Only]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gordonbanderson/silverstripe-elastica/screenshots/screenshots/elastica001-site-tree-only.png
"Search the SiteTree Only")


###Selected List of ClassNames
It is possible to restrict the classes that are searched, useful for example if searching a
particular subset of your site likes of a blog.  In the example below only pages of type BlogPost
are returned from the search.
![Search Blogs Only]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gordonbanderson/silverstripe-elastica/screenshots/screenshots/elastica002-blogpost.png
"Search Blogs Only")
Note that a list of the available classes is shown just below for reference.
![List of Available Classes]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gordonbanderson/silverstripe-elastica/screenshots/screenshots/elastica003.png
"List of Available Classes")

###Number of Results
The default number of results is 10, this can be changed to any number as required.  In the
screenshot below, the number of results has been changed to 20
![Change Number of Search Results]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gordonbanderson/silverstripe-elastica/screenshots/screenshots/elastica006-number-of-results.png
"Change Number of Search Results")
###Field Weighting
After saving an Elastic Search Page, the fields available will be shown at the bottom of the search
tab.  The fields available from the list of selected classes will be shown and are editable.
![List of Searchable Fields]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gordonbanderson/silverstripe-elastica/screenshots/screenshots/elastica005-fields-weighting.png
"List of Searchable Fields")
* Adjust the weight of that field, making it more or less important
* Optionally remove the field from the search altogether
![Editing Weighting]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gordonbanderson/silverstripe-elastica/screenshots/screenshots/elastica004-alter-weighting.png
"Editing Weighting")
Note that if a field is missing it will be ignored, the search does not crash.  An example of this
would be a BlogPost having BlogTags associated with it, whereas of course a standard Page does
not have this field.  Page and BlogPost however have Title and Content fields in common.


##Highlights
###Command Line
You can test if highlighting is working against your index as follows.  Change YOUR_INDEX_NAME and
YOUR_QUERY_TERM as appropriate.
```bash
curl -XGET 'http://localhost:9200/YOUR_INDEX_NAME/_search?pretty' -d '
{
    "query": {
        "query_string": {
            "query": "YOUR_QUERY_TERM"
        }
    },
    "highlight" : {
        "fields" : {
            "*" : {}
        }
    }
}
'
```
If highlighting is working, i.e. the fields are stored appropriately, output will contain sections
like this (the search term was 'canal':

```
highlight" : {
    "Content" : [ " alongside a <em>canal</em>, offer safe passage for cyclists. The landscape varies between shacks and solid", " the pattern of houses similar to those densely located by the <em>canal</em> in the map above.\nAs can be seen", " of <em>canal</em> trail or indeed entrances to slums. Often a section is named and has a reasonably grand" ]
  }
```
##Boosting Fields
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/guide/current/query-time-boosting.html - need to repeat all fields. Maybe try with a '*'?
